!! MENU SETTINGS......................................

!! menu title

menu.title.bg: 	         raised splitvertical gradient
menu.title.bg.color:     #d7d7d7
menu.title.bg.colorTo:   #d2d2d2
menu.title.text.color: 	 #5c616c
menu.title.text.justify: center
			
menu.border.width: 7
menu.border.color: #eaeaea

menu.overlap.x: -12
menu.overlap.y:	 0

!! menu items

menu.items.bg: 	       Flat Solid
menu.items.bg.color:   #EAEAEA
menu.items.text.color: #5c616c

menu.items.justify:             left
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #5B5B5B

menu.items.active.bg: 	      Flat 
menu.items.active.bg.color:   #858a93
menu.items.active.text.color: #ffffff

!! menu separator

menu.separator.width:          1
menu.separator.padding.width:  5
menu.separator.padding.height: 5
menu.separator.color:          #DEDEDE

!! WINDOW SETTINGS.........................

!! window title
	
window.active.title.bg:       Flat Vertical
window.active.title.bg.color: #E7E8Eb

window.inactive.title.bg: 	Flat Vertical
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #E7E8EB

!! window text

padding.width: 		    5
padding.height: 	    5
window.label.text.justify:  center

window.active.label.bg:          Parentrelative
window.active.label.bg.color:    #E7E8EB
window.active.label.bg.colorTo:  #E7E8EB
window.active.label.text.color:  #5c616c

window.inactive.label.bg: 	   Parentrelative
window.inactive.label.bg.color:    #DEDEDE
window.inactive.label.bg.colorTo:  #DEDEDE
window.inactive.label.text.color:  #404040

!! window borders

border.width: 1
border.color: #ededed

window.client.padding.width:  0
window.client.padding.height: 0			

window.active.client.color:   #DEDEDE
window.inactive.client.color: #DEDEDE

window.active.title.separator.color:   #DEDEDE
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #DEDEDE


!! window handle and grip

window.handle.width: 0

window.active.handle.bg:       Flat Vertical
window.active.handle.bg.color: #DEDEDE

window.active.grip.bg: 	     Flat Vertical
window.active.grip.bg.color: #DEDEDE

window.inactive.handle.bg: 	 Flat Vertical
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #DEDEDE

window.inactive.grip.bg:       Flat Vertical
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #DEDEDE

!! WINDOW BUTTONS........................................

!! ACTIVE

window.active.border.color: #393939

window.active.title.bg: flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #ededed
window.active.title.separator.color: #ededed
window.active.text.justify: center

window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #5c616c

window.active.handle.bg: flat solid
window.active.handle.bg.color: #ededed

window.active.grip.bg: flat solid
window.active.grip.bg.color: #ededed

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color: #ededed
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #5c616c

window.active.button.hover.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.hover.bg.color: #ededed
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #1d90cd

window.active.button.pressed.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #ededed
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #5c616c

window.active.button.disabled.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #ededed
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #AEAEAE

!! INACTIVE	

window.inactive.border.color: #393939

window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #ededed
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #ededed
window.inactive.text.justify: center

window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #5c616c

window.inactive.handle.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #ededed

window.inactive.grip.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #ededed

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color: #ededed
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #6B6B6B

window.inactive.button.hover.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.hover.bg.color: #ededed
window.inactive.button.hover.image.color: #2E2E2E

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: #ededed
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #3E84CE

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #ededed
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #AEAEAE

!! Global width settings

padding.width: 12
padding.height: 5

!! OSD SETTINGS...........................................

osd.border.width: 1
osd.border.color: #484848

osd.bg: flat solid
osd.bg.color: #ededed
osd.label.bg: flat solid
osd.label.bg.color: #ededed
osd.label.text.color: #353535

osd.hilight.bg: flat solid
osd.hilight.bg.color: #3E84CE

osd.unhilight.bg: flat solid
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #888888

osd.button.unpressed.bg: flat border
osd.button.unpressed.bg.color: #303030
osd.button.unpressed.*.border.color: #242424

osd.button.pressed.bg: flat border
osd.button.pressed.bg.color: #2a2a2a
osd.button.pressed.*.border.color: #242424

osd.button.focused.bg: flat solid border
osd.button.focused.bg.color: #303030
osd.button.focused.*.border.color: #1e1e1e

osd.button.focused.box.color: #d64937

### Fonts
window.active.label.text.font:shadow=n:shadowtint=10:shadowoffset=1
window.inactive.label.text.font:shadow=n:shadowtint=10:shadowoffset=1
menu.items.font:
menu.title.text.font:shadow=n:shadowtint=0
